 Login feature - Test Cases

Sr.No.	Functional Test Cases

1.	Verify if a user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password (usermane: standard_user)

2.	Verify if a user will be able to login with a blocked user and can't access (locked_out_user).

3.	Verify if a user will be able to login with a problem user. (problem_user)
 			1. The name of the items are wrong
			2. Some items can not be added to the cart
			3. Some items can not be removed stand on the product page,
			4. Some Items that were added to the cart on his page, they are not being displayed with addicted to cart
			5. Some items can not be added to the card on the item page, you can only add them to the cart on the product page
			6. The images the items on the product page are all equal and they do not answer the picture of each item.
			7. The label/title of items are not correct

4.	Verify if a user will be able to login with a Performance glitch user. (performance_glitch_user)
			When it log in to the site using the performance_glitch_user username:
			1. The website is behaved with performance problems
			2. it is taking a long time for loading

5.	Verify if a user cannot login with a valid username and an invalid password and Verify the messages for invalid login.

6.	Verify if a user cannot login with a invalid username and an invalid password and Verify the messages for invalid login.

7.	Verify the login page for both, when the username and password fields are blank and Login button is clicked and Verify the messages for invalid login.

8.	Verify the login page for both, when the username field is blank and Login button is clicked and Verify the messages for invalid login.

9.	Verify the login page for both, when the password field is blank and Login button is clicked and Verify the messages for invalid login.

10.	Verify if the data in password field is either visible as asterisk or bullet signs.

11.	Verify if the login page allows to log in simultaneously with different credentials in a different browser.
	
12.	Verify if the ‘Enter’ key of the keyboard is working correctly on the login page.	
	  	

Other Test Cases	
12. Verify the login page and all its controls in different browsers